Add forcing direct matching for media image format urls (#7534)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade

## 2.5.20

### Stricter Image Format Url Handling

> The image formats url need a direct match of filename to get the image format returned.
> Old versions will be redirected to the new version and none direct matches return 404 now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image formats URL requires an exact filename match to retrieve the correct image format. 
Old versions will be redirected to the new version and any non-matching filenames will now return a 404 error.
```
